StandardButton improvements (#8035)
slint-ui/slint: docs/astro/src/content/docs/reference/std-widgets/basic-widgets/standardbutton.mdx

```
</SlintProperty>

### primary
<SlintProperty propName="primary" typeName="bool" defaultValue="false">

> If set to true the button is displayed with the primary accent color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to true to display the button with the primary accent color.
```
